Oh
how's it going everybody noble warrior
99 here and today I am back with another
destined video now in this testing video
guys i will be showing my top 5 funny
moments of the week now this is episode
4 of these series and you guys do seem
to be enjoying the series so i will keep
it up now if you do want to send in any
of your own funny moments and you can
hit me up in the description down below
add that email NW top kills at gmail com
now try to have your content in 720 p or
180 p as it does make for higher quality
videos now starting off and number five
we have a pretty funny crota fail now i
have featured one of these before when
crota actually came all the way back
into the other room so this is why this
one only made it at number five but i
thought it was pretty funny that crota
actually came down for us he came all
the way down to the bottom and then just
decided to frickin wreck me and wreck
everybody else on my team so i
definitely thought that this one
deserved a spot here now as you guys see
her once again crota just turned around
and freakin slaps me in the face but
that was a pretty funny failed and that
is why that one is at number five now
we'll be on to number four we have a
pretty funny kill here on a dreg now
this water tank is actually brought in
by your ship and as you guys see on the
screen right now a lonely drag is
running along the map when it is
suddenly crushed by the noble devil
walker now i personally thought this one
was hilarious hopefully you guys did too
and that is why that one made it in at
number four now coming in and number
three guys we have a pretty epic kill
here now this may look like a simple
type in smash at first but it is not
just listen in right here
r
Oh
now I personally thought that that was a
hilarious moment I thought the music
went very well with the Titan smash I
hope you guys did too so that's why that
one made it in at number three now
coming in at number two guys we have
another epic fail moment now this is
when crota comes over and he decides to
kick this night up into the air now I I
like to think of this one as the crow to
football field kick now i'm just gonna
replay it here once again and has you
guys see right here the night just gets
launched up into the air and back into
the abyss area now moving on to number
one guys we have a pretty epic surfing
moment from my boy potato now he sent
this in and big shout out to him guys I
will leave a link in the description
down below to his channel as I will with
all of the other videos now as you guys
see right here he's just fighting off
the additional enemies in the death
singers portion of the raid when this
level 32 hollow night decides to ride a
surfboard now I was like what the hell
is happening here but I thought this one
definitely deserved a spot here and that
is why this one is at number 1 i'm just
going to slow mo it here once again so i
hope you guys do enjoy
now that pretty much wraps up the video
for today guys I really hope you did
enjoy this video if you did make sure to
hit that like button down below because
it really does support the channel and
remember that if you do want to send in
your own funny moment or clip and
definitely do so at NW top kills at
gmail com i will look at all of the
entries because i don't have very many
at the moment but hopefully i will be
getting more and i can make more top 5
funny moments with you guys's clips that
you guys send in but i hope you guys
have a fantastic day if you guys are not
subscribed here yet definitely make sure
to do so and i will see you next time
now i'm sorry to keep this video going
guys but this fan of mine we didn't want
me to shout out his video for his school
now he gets a prize at 500 views and
he's only about a hundred and twenty
away so you go show him some support go
show him some love and tell him that
noble warrior 99 cent you guys there
thank you very much for watching this is
noble we're in 89 and I'm out peace